See descendants congratulations to the Supreme
Ten Years of War
Recover the 100,000-mile territory of Great Xia
Millions of soldiers died in the battlefield
Just to quell the accident
The vow was completed today
Congratulations Supreme
Hershey Supreme
He Hexi Supreme
Millions of unknown soldiers buried outside
I brought them home today.
I'll try that. I'm home.
Mom and son will definitely come back in 10 years
Wife take good care of parents
Son son son come back early
You must go home safe and sound
The ancestors are above to bless Wushuang and be safe
Can come back soon
The old thing defeated the ancestors
Why don't you go?
The old trash said
Let the ancestors bless Lu Wushuang and return safely
The news of Lu Wushuang for 10 years will definitely not come back
Minmin